Add Spotify connect (#4)
music-assistant/beta.music-assistant.io: docs/plugins/spotify-connect.md

---
title: Spotify Connect Plugin
description: Features and Notes for the Spotify Connect Plugin
---

# Spotify Connect ![Preview image](../assets/icons/spotify-connect-icon.png){ align=right }

Music Assistant has the ability to add [Spotify Connect](https://connect.spotify.com/) support to any MA player.

> 

Reviewer: Note that this provider is still in an early stage of development. Functionality is limited and bugs may occur.

Author: done

## Features

- Any MA player can be exposed including groups

> 

Reviewer: ## How to setup ?

For each player you'd like to show up as Spotify connect target in the spotify app, you add the Spotify Connect provider to Music Assistant in the Plugins section.

## Known Issues / Notes

> 

Reviewer: - Because of the universal, buffered nature of forwarding the Spotify Connect audio stream to MA players, there will be a delay (of 2 up to 20 seconds) in sending a command from the spotify app and metadata can also be ahead of time.

Author: done

> - To use Spotify Connect, all devices must be connected to the same network. Refer to the [Spotify Connect Support Article](https://support.spotify.com/au/article/spotify-connect/) for more information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To use Spotify Connect, all devices must be connected to the same network. Refer to the [Spotify Connect Support Article](https://support.spotify.com/en/article/spotify-connect/) for more information
```

- If the device does not natively support announcements then playback will be interrupted if an announcement is sent to a player that is being streamed to via Spotify Connect. Currently this means that, announcements will only work on the Voice PE devices (and derivatives) and Sonos S2 devices

> - The MA volume normalization functionality is not available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The MA volume normalization functionality is only available in dynamic mode
```
